Q1) Possible states: the combination of unique hook & fish positions along with fish & player scores

Possible initial states: Player scores are always 0, fish scores can change and initial state also consists of starting hook & fish positions.

Transition function: Given a state and an action, the transition function returns the next state (note that this is different from u in that u gives you the set of all possible states from any given state - in other words, u is compute_and_get_children(), whereas transition function is compute_next_state()).

Q2) When all fish are caught or time runs out.

Q3) Because A can maximize it and B can minimize it. It also accurately describes who's winning, in that the primary objective of the game is to maximize the score of each player.

Q4) It approximates the utility function best when the only purpose of the game is to gain as high a score as possible by catching the most/the most valuable fish (which means, if only we can explore the game tree deep enough, we'd be able to find the correct move NOW which ultimately gives us a higher score many moves down the line - we should preferably be able to reach deep enough to where the game would be in a terminal state AND our score would be maximized).

In chess, on the other hand, the point is not to deplete your opponent of valuable pieces, but rather to check-mate the opposing king, so in that case applying a heuristic function solely based on numeric values of the pieces is far from adequate to approximate a utility function.

Q5) One example is where there's a fish worth many points right next to B, which when caught, propels B's score higher than that of A's current score. 

Q6) The problem is that we don't know how our opponent will act, because n doesn't take that into consideration. So we will include winning states that are very unlikely (such as us catching a final 10 point fish that's 10 steps away from us but only 2 steps away from our opponent), in that way n will suffer from a similar problem as v - i.e. over-valuing our current position in the state based on not (being able to?) taking our opponent's actions into consideration.
